REGISTERED NUMBER: 03899913 (England and Wales)
STRATEGIC REPORT, REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS AND
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 28 FEBRUARY 2023
FOR
CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD


REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE MEMBERS OF
CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD

Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high
level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial
statements.
Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design procedures in line with our
responsibilitics, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect of irregularities, including fraud. The extent to which our
procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud is detailed below:
* the engagement partner ensured that the engagement team collectively had the appropriate competence, capabilities and skills to

identify or recognise non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations;
* we identified the laws and regulations applicable to the company through discussions with directors and other management, and

from our commercial knowledge and experience of the information technology and software sector;
* we focused on specific laws and regulations which we considered may have a direct material effect on the financial statements or

the operations of the company, including the Companies Act 2006, taxation legislation and data protection, anti-bribery and
employment legislation;
* we assessed the extent of compliance with the laws and regulations identified above through making enquiries of management and

inspecting legal correspondence; and
* identified laws and regulations were communicated within the audit team regularly and the team remained alert to instances of

non-compliance throughout the audit.
We assessed the susceptibility of the company's financial statements to material misstatement, including obtaining an understanding
of how fraud might occur, by:
* making enquiries of management as to where they considered there was susceptibility to fraud, their knowledge of actual, suspected

and alleged fraud; and
* considering the internal controls in place to mitigate risks of fraud and non-compliance with laws and regulations.

To address the risk of fraud through management bias and override of controls, we:
* performed analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships;
* tested a sample of journal entries to identify unusual transactions;
* assessed whether judgements and assumptions made in determining the accounting estimates set out in note 3 were indicative of

potential bias; and
* investigated the rationale behind significant or unusual transactions.

In response to the risk of irregularities and non-compliance with laws and regulations, we designed procedures which included, but
were not limited to:
* agrecing financial statement disclosures to underlying supporting documentation;
* reading the minutes of meetings of those charged with governance;
* enquiring of management as to actual and potential litigation and claims;

There are inherent limitations in our audit procedures described above. The more removed that laws and regulations are from
financial transactions, the less likely it is that we would become aware of non-compliance. Auditing standards also limit the audit
procedures required to identify non compliance with laws and regulations to enquiry of the directors and other management and the
inspection of regulatory and legal correspondence, if any.
Material misstatements that arise due to fraud can be harder to detect than those that arise from error as they may involve deliberate
concealment or collusion.
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the Financial Reporting Council's
website at: www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditor's report.

Page 8


REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE MEMBERS OF
CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD
Use of our report
This report is made solely to the company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006.
Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company's members those matters we are required to state to them
in a Report of the Auditors and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility
to anyone other than the company and the company's members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we
have formed.
Marc Levy FCA (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of Blick Rothenberg Audit LLP
Chartered Accountants
Statutory Auditor
16 Great Queen Street
Covent Garden
London
WC2B 5AH
29 April 2024
Page 9


CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD (REGISTERED NUMBER: 03899913)
STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 28 FEBRUARY 2023
2023 2022
Notes £ £

REVENUE 4 16,236,536 14,269,245
Cost of sales (7,266,124) (7,739,014)
GROSS PROFIT 8,970,412 6,530,231
Administrative expenses (6,240,098) (4,594,228)

2,730,314 1,936,003
Other operating income 5 35,035 19,145
OPERATING PROFIT 7 2,765,349 1,955,148
Interest receivable and similar income 11,890 12,841

2,777,239 1,967,989
Interest payable and similar expenses 8 (23,035) (8,674)
PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION 2,754,204 1,959,315
Tax on profit 9 (529,684) (409,699)
PROFIT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2,224,520 1,549,616
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME - -
TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE YEAR 2,224,520 1,549,616

The notes form part of these financial statements
Page I0


CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD (REGISTERED NUMBER: 03899913)
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
28 FEBRUARY 2023
2023 2022
Notes £ £

FIXED ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment 1] 358,361 183,424
CURRENT ASSETS
Debtors 12 4,113,653 2,794,786
Prepayments and accrued income 365,125 247,210
Cash at bank 3,543,450 3,600,591

8,022,228 6,642,587
CREDITORS
Amounts falling due within one year 13 (4,211,408) (3,511,369)
NET CURRENT ASSETS 3,810,820 3,131,218
TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT
LIABILITIES 4,169,181 3,314,642
CREDITORS
Amounts falling duc after more than one
year 14 - (224,643)
PROVISIONS FOR LIABILITIES 18 (43,947) (16,811)
NET ASSETS 4,125,234 3,073,188
CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Called up share capital 19 4,946 5,996
Capital redemption reserve 20 2,803 1,753
Share option reserve 20 89,360 61,141
Retained earnings 20 4,028,125 3,004,298
SHAREHOLDERS’ FUNDS 4,125,234 3,073,188
The financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on 29 April 2024 and were signed on its
behalf by:
Mr P R Gow - Director

The notes form part of these financial statements
Page |]


CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD (REGISTERED NUMBER: 03899913)
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 28 FEBRUARY 2023
Called up Capital Share
share Retained redemption option Total
capital earnings reserve reserve equity
£ £ £ £ £
Balance at 1 March 2021 7,048 2,622,792 701 32,922 2,663,463
Changes in equity
Purchase of own shares (1,052) (917,248) 1,052 - (917,248)
Dividends - (250,862) - - (250,862)
Total comprehensive income - 1,549,616 - - 1,549,616
Share based payment charge - - - 28,219 28,219
Balance at 28 February 2022 5,996 3,004,298 1,753 61,141 3,073,188
Changes in equity
Purchase of own shares (1,050) (915,504) 1,050 - (915,504)
Dividends - (244,471) - - (244,471)
Total comprehensive income - 2,224,520 - - 2,224,520
Distribution relating to
director's loan - (40,718) - - (40,718)
Share based payment charge - - - 28,219 28,219
Balance at 28 February 2023 4,946 4,028,125 2,803 89,360 4,125,234
The notes form part of these financial statements
Page 12


CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD (REGISTERED NUMBER: 03899913)
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 28 FEBRUARY 2023
2023 2022
Notes £ £
Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations 1 2,468,549 2,218,779
Interest paid (18,235) (753)
Tax paid (328,559) (196,127)
Net cash from operating activities 2,121,755 2,021,899
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of tangible fixed assets (272,331) (158,457)
Sale of fixed asset investments - 150
Interest received 3,410 120
Net cash from investing activities (268,921) (158,187)
Cash flows from financing activities
New loans in year - 250,000
Loan repayments in year (250,000) -
Amount withdrawn by directors (500,000) -
Share buyback (915,504) (917,248)
Share capital paid up - 350
Equity dividends paid (244,471) (250,862)
Net cash from financing activities (1,909,975) (917,760)
(Decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (57,141) 945,952
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of
year 2 3,600,591 2,654,639
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 2 3,543,450 3,600,591
The notes form part of these financial statements
Page 13


CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD (REGISTERED NUMBER: 03899913)
NOTES TO THE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 28 FEBRUARY 2023
1. RECONCILIATION OF PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION TO CASH GENERATED FROM

OPERATIONS
2023 2022
£ £
Profit before taxation 2,754,204 1,959,315
Depreciation charges 97,393 60,142
Loss on disposal of fixed assets - 2,150
Share based payment charge 28,219 28,219
Finance costs 23,035 8,674
Dividend and interest income (11,890) (12,841)
2,890,961 2,045,659
Increase in trade and other debtors (866,533) (107,396)
Increase in trade and other creditors 444,121 280,516
Cash generated from operations 2,468,549 2,218,779
2. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

The amounts disclosed on the Statement of Cash Flows in respect of cash and cash equivalents are in respect of these
Statement of Financial Position amounts:
Year ended 28 February 2023
28.2.23 1.3.22

£ £
Cash and cash equivalents 3,543,450 3,600,591
Year ended 28 February 2022
28.2.22 1.3.21

Cash and cash equivalents 3,600,591 2,654,639
3. ANALYSIS OF CHANGES IN NET FUNDS

At 1.3.22 Cash flow At 28.2.23
£ £ £
Net cash
Cash at bank 3,600,591 (57,141) 3,543,450
3,600,591 (57,141) 3,543,450
Debt
Debts falling due within | year (20,557) 20,557 -
Debts falling due after 1 year (224,643) 224,643 -
(245,200) 245,200 -
Total 3,355,391 188,059 3,543,450
The notes form part of these financial statements
Page |4


CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD (REGISTERED NUMBER: 03899913)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 28 FEBRUARY 2023
1. STATUTORY INFORMATION

Crown Jewels Consultants Ltd is a private company, limited by shares, incorporated in England and Wales. The company's
registered number and registered office address can be found on the Information page.
The presentation currency of the financial statements is GB Pound Sterling (£), which is the company's functional currency.
2. STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE

These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 102 "The Financial
Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland” and the Companies Act 2006.
3. ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis of preparing the financial statements
The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for the modification to a fair value basis for
certain financial instruments as specified in the accounting policies below.
The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these financial statements are set out below. These policies
have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.
Significant judgements and estimates
The preparation of the financial statements requires management to make significant judgements and estimates. The items in
the financial statements where these judgement and estimates have been made include:
Judgements
* The method of allocating income and costs to the foreign branches. Income allocation is based on specific

contracts/customers based in that jurisdiction and an allocation of income from global contracts based on payroll costs in the
relevant branch. Costs are actual costs arising in the particular jurisdiction.
* The vesting period to expected exercise of share options issued under the Enterprise Management Incentive scheme.

Estimates
* The useful life of fixed assets.
* The share-based payment charge in the accounts relies on estimates of volatility of the share price and the number of

employees remaining in employment with the company until exercise. Changes to these estimates would change the annual
charge required.
Turnover
Revenue represents amounts receivable from the provision of consultancy services and application support, net of VAT and
discounts.
Revenue from services undertaken on a time basis is recognised when the services are undertaken. Where revenue relates ta
fixed price service contract, revenue is recognised ratably over the term of the contract.
Page 15 continued...


CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD (REGISTERED NUMBER: 03899913)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - continued
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 28 FEBRUARY 2023
3. ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

Tangible fixed assets
Tangible fixed assets are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.
Depreciation is calculated to write down the cost less estimated residual value of all tangible fixed assets over their expected
useful lives, using the straight-line method.
The rates applicable are:
* Plant and machinery 4 years
* Fixtures and fittings 5 years
* Computer equipment 4 years

Impairment of Assets
At each reporting date, fixed assets are reviewed to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered
an impairment loss. If there is an indication of possible impairment, the recoverable amount of any affected asset is estimated
and compared with its carrying amount. If estimated recoverable amount is lower, the carrying amount is reduced to its
estimated recoverable amount.
If an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to the revised estimate of its
recoverable amount, but not in excess of the amount that would have been determined had no impairment been recognised for
the asset in prior years.
All impairment losses or reversals of impairment losses are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
Taxation
Taxation for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income,
except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.
Current or deterred taxation assets and liabilities are not discounted.
Current tax is recognised at the amount of tax payable using the tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively
enacted by the statement of financial position date.
Deferred tax
Deferred tax is recognised in respect of all timing differences that have originated but not reversed at the statement of
financial position date.
Timing differences arise from the inclusion of income and expenses in tax assessments in periods different from those in
which they are recognised in financial statements. Deferred tax is measured using tax rates and laws that have been enacted
or substantively enacted by the year end and that are expected to apply to the reversal of the timing difference.
Unrelieved tax losses and other deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that they will be
recovered against the reversal of deferred tax liabilities or other future taxable profits.
Research and development
Expenditure on research and development is written off in the year in which it is incurred.
Page 16 continued...


CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD (REGISTERED NUMBER: 03899913)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - continued
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 28 FEBRUARY 2023
3. ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

Foreign currency translation of transactions and balances
Transactions in currencies other than the functional currency are recognised at the date of the transaction. At the end of cach
month, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary
items measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.
Exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.
Pension costs and other post-retirement benefits
The company operates a UK statutory workplace pension scheme and also makes contributions to certain employees'
personal pension schemes which are recognised as an expense in the period in which they are incurred. The company makes
contributions to pension schemes for Hong Kong, Singapore and US employees. Retirement benefits under the above money
purchase schemes are accruing.
Leased assets
Leases which do not transfer substantially all risks and rewards of ownership to the company are classified as operating
leases. Rentals paid under operating leases are charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
In the event that lease incentives are received to enter into operating leases, such incentives are recognized as a liability. The
aggregate benefit of incentives are recognised as a reduction of rental expenses on a straight-line basis, except where another
systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in which economic benefits from the leased assets are consumed.
Going Concern
After reviewing the company's management accounts to the date of the signing of these accounts and the company's forecasts
and projections, the directors have a reasonable expectation that the company has adequate resources to continue in
operational existence for the foreseeable future. The majority of the company's revenue is generated from its contract with the
London Stock Exchange Group, which was renewed on 12 April 2024. The directors also believe that the company is very
well placed competitively due to its niche knowledge and expertise, which places the business in a strong position to grow its
other existing sources of income. Potential opportunities to move into new geographical markets are also being explored and
the company's financial position is currently very healthy with cash reserves of around £3.9m. The directors therefore
continue to adopt the going concern basis in preparing these financial statements.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and in hand, demand deposits with banks and other short-term highly liquid
investments with original maturities of three months or less and bank overdrafts. In the statement of financial position, bank
overdrafts are shown within current liabilities.
Debtors
Short term debtors are measured at the undiscounted amount of cash or other consideration expected to be received, less any
impairment. If the arrangement constitutes a financing transaction, for example receipt is allowed to be deferred beyond
normal commercial terms or financed at an interest rate other than at market rate, the asset is measured at the present value of
the future payments discounted at a market rate of interest for a similar type of debt.
Page 17 continued...


CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD (REGISTERED NUMBER: 03899913)
CONTENTS OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 28 FEBRUARY 2023
Page
Company Information 1
Strategic Report 2
Report of the Directors 4
Report of the Independent Auditors 6
Statement of Comprehensive Income 10
Statement of Financial Position 11
Statement of Changes in Equity 12
Statement of Cash Flows 13
Notes to the Statement of Cash Flows 14
Notes to the Financial Statements 15


CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD (REGISTERED NUMBER: 03899913)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - continued
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 28 FEBRUARY 2023
3. ACCOUNTING POLICIES - continued

Creditors
Short term trade creditors are measured at the transaction price. Other financial liabilitics, including loans, are measured
initially at fair value, net of transaction costs, and are measured subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest
method.
Long term creditors are identified and classified separately from short term creditors only where the company has an
unconditional right at the end of the accounting period to defer settlement of the creditor for at Icast one year.
Provisions for Liabilities
Provisions are recognised when the company has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is
probable that the company will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the
obligation.
The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the
end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation.
Employee Benefits
The company has provided for annual leave accrued by employees as a result of services rendered in the current period, and
which employees are entitled to carry forward and use within the next twelve months. The provision is measured at the salary
cost payable for the period of absence.
The costs of short-term employee benefits are recognised as a liability and an expense.
Termination benefits are recognised immediately as an expense when the company is demonstrably committed to terminate
the employment of an employee or to provide termination benefits.
Share based payments
The company provides share-based payments to certain employees under an Enterprise Management Incentive scheme.
Details are outlined in Note 25.
The total expected expense is based on the fair value of the options on the grant date, calculated using a valuation model, and
is recognised on a straight line basis over the expected vesting period in the profit and loss account with a corresponding
credit to equity.
4. REVENUE

The revenue and profit before taxation are attributable to services provided by the company.
An analysis of revenue by geographical market is given below:
2023 2022
£ £
United Kingdom 10,066,522 8,650,874
United States of America 3,355,353 3,033,392
Asia 2,814,660 2,584,979
16,236,535 14,269,245
Page 18 continued...


CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD (REGISTERED NUMBER: 03899913)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - continued
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 28 FEBRUARY 2023
5. OTHER OPERATING INCOME

2023 2022
£ £
Sundry receipts 1,104 206
Government grants 33,931 18,939
35,035 19,145
6. EMPLOYEES AND DIRECTORS

2023 2022
£ £
Wages and salaries 8,592,682 7,981,462
Social security costs 802,364 714,001
Other pension costs 231,138 208,236
9,626,184 8,903,699
The avcrage number of cmployces during the year was a follows:
2023 2022
Directors 2 3
Employees:
Operations 62 60
Engineering 19 18
Sales & Marketing 5 7
Administration 20 18
Total 108 106
2023 2022
£ £
Dircctors' remuneration 16,120 22,887
Directors' pension contributions to money purchase schemes 96,560 -
During the year, there were no retirement benefits accruing to the company directors in respect of defined contribution
schemes (2022 : £Nil).
7. OPERATING PROFIT

The operating profit is stated after charging/crediting):
2023 2022
£ £
Depreciation - owned assets 97,394 60,142
Loss on disposal of fixed assets - 2,150
Auditors’ remuneration 25,000 23,000
Share-based payments 28,219 28,219
Research and development costs 468,652 721,711
Operating lease rental costs 384,724 361,790
Foreign exchange differences (256,259) (97,071)
Page 19 continued...


CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD (REGISTERED NUMBER: 03899913)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - continued
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 28 FEBRUARY 2023
8. INTEREST PAYABLE AND SIMILAR EXPENSES

2023 2022
£ £
Bank loan interest 7877 7,921
Interest payable to HMRC 2,258 -
Interest and penalties on US tax 12,900 753
23,035 8,674
9. TAXATION

Analysis of the tax charge
The tax charge on the profit for the year was as follows:
2023 2022
£ £
Current tax:
UK corporation tax 143,072 6,045
Hong Kong corporation tax 17,089 5,807
USA corporation tax 304,059 302,865
Singapore corporation tax 38,328 71,438
Total current tax 502,548 386,155
Deferred tax 27,136 23,544
Tax on profit 529,684 409,699
UK corporation tax has been charged at 19% (2022 - 19%).
Reconciliation of total tax charge included in profit and loss
The tax assessed for the year is higher than the standard rate of corporation tax in the UK. The difference is explained below:
2023 2022
£ £
Profit before tax 2,754,204 1,959,315
Profit multiplied by the standard rate of corporation tax in the UK of 19%
(2022 - 19%) 523,299 372,270
Effects of:
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes 14,485 14,490
Capital allowances in excess of depreciation (8,232) (5,948)
Impact of overseas tax rates (9,721) 28,887
Increase in deferred tax rate 9,853 -
Total tax charge 529,684 409,699
Page 20 continued...


CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD (REGISTERED NUMBER: 03899913)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - continued
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 28 FEBRUARY 2023
9. TAXATION - continued

Current tax is recognised for the amount of tax payable in respect of the taxable profit for the current or past reporting periods
using tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date.
Factors that may affect future tax charges:
In the Spring Budget 2021, the UK Government announced that from 1 April 2023 the corporation tax rate would increase to
25% for companies with profits of over £250,000. A small profits rate will also be introduced for companics with profits of
£50,000 or less so that they will continue to pay corporation tax at 19%. From this date companies with profits between
£50,000 and £250,000 will pay tax at the main rate reduced by a marginal relief providing a gradual increase in the effective
corporation tax rate. This new law was substantively enacted on 24 May 2021. Deferred taxes at the balance sheet date have
been measured using these enacted tax rates and reflected in these financial statements.
During the year beginning | March 2023, the net reversal of deferred tax assets and liabilities on the UK corporation tax for
the year is not expected to be significant, due to foreign branch profits being taxed in their respective jurisdictions.
10. DIVIDENDS

2023 2022
£ £
"C" Ordinary non-voting share of £1
Interim div share type C - 22,500
"E” Ordinary non-voting shares of £1 each
Interim div share type E - 22,500
"G" Ordinary non-voting shares of £1 each
Interim div share type G 244,471 205,862
244,471 250,862
Further dividends of £278,761 have been paid after the year end.
11. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Fixtures
Plant and and Computer
machinery fittings equipment Totals
£ £ £ £
COST
At 1 March 2022 73,052 133,288 306,540 512,880
Additions 33,632 15,353 223,346 272,331
Disposals (6,449) - (49,126) (55,575)
At 28 February 2023 100,235 148,641 480,760 729,636
DEPRECIATION
At | March 2022 26,192 121,274 181,990 329,456
Charge for year 19,070 5,366 72,958 97,394
Eliminated on disposal (6,449) - (49,126) (35,575)
At 28 February 2023 38,813 126,640 205,822 371,275
NET BOOK VALUE
At 28 February 2023 61,422 22,001 274,938 358,361
At 28 February 2022 46,860 12,014 124,550 183,424
Page 21 continued...


CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD (REGISTERED NUMBER: 03899913)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - continued
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 28 FEBRUARY 2023
12. DEBTORS

2023 2022
£ £
Amounts falling due within one year:
Trade debtors 3,329,431 2,684,451
Amounts recoverable on contracts 90,024 -
Other debtors 3,341 4,120
Sundry debtors 14,523 129
Directors’ current accounts 186,916 -
Tax 208,572 106,086
__ 3,832,807 ___ 2,794,786
Amounts falling due after more than one year:
Directors’ loan accounts 280,846 -
Aggregate amounts 4,113,653 2,794,786
13. CREDITORS: AMOUNTS FALLING DUE WITHIN ONE YEAR

2023 2022
£ £
Bank loans and overdrafts (see note 15) - 20,557
Trade creditors 332,779 259,446
Tax 660,289 383,814
Social security and other taxes 226,917 212,096
Pension - HK 3,875 4,408
VAT 432,991 572,406
Deferred income 2,057,033 1,705,646
Accrued expenses 497,524 352,996
4,211,408 3,511,369
14, CREDITORS: AMOUNTS FALLING DUE AFTER MORE THAN ONE
YEAR
2023 2022
£ £
Bank loans (see note 15) - 224,643
15. LOANS

An analysis of the maturity of loans is given below:
2023 2022
£ £
Amounts falling due within one year or on demand:
Bank loans - 20,557
Amounts falling due between one and two years:
Bank loans - 1-2 years - 46,617
Page 22 continued...


CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD (REGISTERED NUMBER: 03899913)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - continued
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 28 FEBRUARY 2023
15. LOANS - continued

2023 2022
£ £
Amounts falling due between two and five years:
Bank loans - 2-5 years - 154,656
Amounts falling due in more than five years:
Repayable by instalments
Bank loans - more than 5 years - 23,370
16. LEASING AGREEMENTS

Minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases fall due as follows:
2023 2022
£ £
Within one year 357,702 212,520
Between one and five years 273,458 595,968
631,160 808,488
17, SECURED DEBTS
The following secured debts are included within creditors:
2023 2022
£ £
Bank loans - 245,200
Last year the company entered into a loan arrangement of £250,000 which was secured on the company's assets. The loan
was fully repaid during the year.
18, PROVISIONS FOR LIABILITIES
2023 2022
£ £
Deferred tax 43,947 16,811
Deferred
tax
£
Balance at 1 March 2022 16,811
Share based payments (10,269)
Accelerated capital allowances 37,405
Balance at 28 February 2023 43,947
Page 23 continued...


CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD (REGISTERED NUMBER: 03899913)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - continued
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 28 FEBRUARY 2023
19. CALLED UP SHARE CAPITAL

Allotted, issued and fully paid:
Number: Class: Nominal 2023 2022
value: £ £
4,938 "A” Ordinary voting £1 4,938 5,988
(2022 - 5,988 )
2 "B" Ordinary non-voting £1 2 2
| "C" Ordinary non-voting £l 1 |
I "D" Ordinary non-voting £1 1 |
2 "E" Ordinary non-voting £1 2 2
2 "G" Ordinary non-voting £1 2 2
4,946 5,996
On 28 April 2022, 1,050 " A" shares were purchased by the company and cancelled. These shares were acquired for a
consideration of £915,504 and stamp duty of £4,580 was paid. The shareholders had approved a resolution to purchase these
shares. These shares were acquired in order to buy back the shares of a minority shareholder in the company.
The "B”, "C", "D", “E", and "G" Ordinary non-voting shares shall not entitle the holders to receive notice of or attend or vote
at any General Meeting of the Company.
Any dividend payable on any class of share may be decided at the discretion of the company, may vary from time to time and
may be payable on one class of share only or any classes of shares as may be.
Save as aforesaid, the Class "A" Ordinary voting shares and the Class "B" to "G" Ordinary non-voting shares rank pari passu
with each other in every respect.
20. RESERVES

Capital Share
Retained redemption option
earnings reserve reserve Totals
£ £ £ £
At 1 March 2022 3,004,298 1,753 61,141 3,067,192
Profit for the year 2,224,520 - - 2,224,520
Dividends (244,471) - - (244,471)
Purchase of own shares (915,504) 1,050 - (914,454)
Distribution relating to
director's loan (40,718) - - (40,718)
Share based payment charge - - 28,219 28,219
At 28 February 2023 4,028,125 2,803 89,360 4,120,288
Capital Redemption Reserve
The capital redemption reserve records the nominal value of shares repurchased by the company.
Share Option Reserve
Share based payment expenses passing through the profit and loss account are credited to the Share Option Reserve.
Page 24 continued...


CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD (REGISTERED NUMBER: 03899913)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - continued
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 28 FEBRUARY 2023
21. OTHER FINANCIAL COMMITMENTS

Crown Jewels Consultants Ltd entered into a contract to purchase shares from 2 shareholders in 4 tranches. Clearance was
obtained from HM Revenue & Customs under 51033 CTA 2010.
The first 2 tranches took place last year and in total, 1,052 "A" shares were purchased for £917,247.94 and subsequently
cancelled.
The next tranche took place in April 2022 when a further 1,050 "A" shares were purchased for £915,504.12. These shares
have also been cancelled.
The final tranche has taken place after the year end in April 2023 when 1,049 "A" shares, 1 "C" share and 2 "E" shares were
purchased for £917,247.94. These shares have also been cancelled.
22. DIRECTORS' ADVANCES, CREDITS AND GUARANTEES

The following advances and credits to a director subsisted during the years ended 28 February 2023 and 28 February 2022:
2023 2022
£ £
Mr PR Gow
Balance outstanding at start of year - -
Amounts advanced 500,000 -
Amounts repaid - -
Amounts written off - -
Amounts waived. - -
Balance outstanding at end of year 500,000 :
The company made a loan of £250,000 to Mr P R Gow in October 2022 followed by an additional £250,000 in November
2022. Interest is being charged at the HMRC Beneficial loan rate. The loans are still outstanding at the Balance Sheet date

and are expected to be repaid within 2 years. The loans have been discounted by £40,718, at a market rate of 7%. This is
included in the financial statements as a distribution relating to the director's loan, as shown in the Statement of Changes in
Equity.
23. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES

Entities that provide key management personnel services to the entity
2023 2022
£ £
Professional fees 94,896 156,202
Amount due to related party 5,150 13,224
Companics controlled by directors of Crown Jewels Consultants Limited invoiced Crown Jewels Consultants Limited
£94,896 (2022: £156,202) for professional services. There was £5,150 (2022: £13,224) owing at the year end.
During the year, a total of key management personnel compensation of £ 1,014,758 (2022 - £ 972,004 ) was paid.
24. ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTY

At the year end, the company was controlled by the director Mr P R Gow .
Page 25 continued...


CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD (REGISTERED NUMBER: 03899913)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - continued
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 28 FEBRUARY 2023
25. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS

The company set up an Enterprise Management Incentive Share Option Plan in January 2020. A total of 566 share options
were offered to certain senior employees. The options were granted with a fixed exercise price of £830 per share and are
exercisable at the earlier of an exit or five years after the date of the grant. Employees are not entitled to dividends until the
shares are exercised. Employees are required to remain in employment with the company until exercise otherwise the options
lapse. On exercise of the options by the employees, the company issues new shares. All 566 options granted remain
outstanding at the year end.
The fair value of the share options granted during the year was determined using a model based on the Black-Scholes model
which is considered to be the most appropriate generally accepted valuation method of measuring fair value.
The total charge this year is £28,219 (2022: £28,219).
Page 26


This document was delivered using electronic communications and authenticated in
accordance with the registrar's rules relating to electronic form, authentication and
manner of delivery under section 1072 of the Companies Act 2006.


CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD
COMPANY INFORMATION
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 28 FEBRUARY 2023
DIRECTORS: Mr P R Gow
Mr P R Williams
REGISTERED OFFICE: 31 Worship Street
London
EC2A 2DX
REGISTERED NUMBER: 03899913 (England and Wales)
AUDITORS: Blick Rothenberg Audit LLP
Chartered Accountants
Statutory Auditor
16 Great Queen Street
Covent Garden
London
WC2B 5AH
BANKERS: Metro Bank
One Southampton Row
London
WCIB 5HA
Page |


CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD (REGISTERED NUMBER: 03899913)
STRATEGIC REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 28 FEBRUARY 2023
The directors present their strategic report for the year ended 28 February 2023.
In these uncertain times of high inflation and global instability, Crown Jewels Consultants Ltd (CJC) is satisfied that it has held its
own and continued to grow and still leads the way in Market data engineering technology.
We have recently renewed our contract with our major client for an initial three year term which secures our future.
Outside of our main clients, our partnerships with cloud providers have grown stronger because of our knowledge and expertise in
Markct data is by far the leader in the markct.
Al is also playing a big part in our offerings which has led to an increase of development skills being brought into the company to
expedite our clients’ requirements to keep up with technology.
Our global offcring has strengthened our capacity in managing 24/7/365 follow the sun support, which now offers our clicnts further
depth and continuity of their services.
With some of the major banking organisations having concerns with Hong Kong now under Chinese rule, there has been an increased
interest to relocate their operations to other regions in Asia, namely in Singapore or Tokyo financial centres. This new requirement
has prompted CJC to put a plan together to bolster its workforce in Singapore and look to re-establish a company branch in Tokyo to
facilitate the predicted support that will be required by its clients.
The appointment of the new management team within our commercial management business has proved a worthwhile investment
with revenues and staff increasing at a rate they predicted when they were engaged.
Although not a revenue earner currently, the academy scheme is excelling itself. The company is so proud to be able to inspire people
to join and grow their knowledge, which is replenishing the natural attrition within the industry. The team running the academy are
now looking to turn the scheme into a business offering, where we can provide training as well as staff to our clients. The team is also
building a certified curriculum which we hope can be offered to schools, colleges and universities as part of their educational schemes
within IT.
REVIEW OF BUSINESS
Company turnover increased by 13.8% from £14,269k to £16,237k and the gross profit percentage increased by 9.5% from 45.8% to
55.3%, principally due to reduced costs.

The company's net profit before tax, ignoring one-off items such as government grants increased by 40.2% in the year with lower
overall costs.
The company is maintaining a healthy balance sheet with excellent liquidity and net assets up by 34.2 %.
Page 2


CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD (REGISTERED NUMBER: 03899913)
STRATEGIC REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 28 FEBRUARY 2023
PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
Market risk
Several business initiatives that were implemented in previous years have come to fruition, and this has helped us avoid any major
risk by staying ahead of the curve and leading the way in Market data and IT services within our industry.
The value add of CJC's development skills is also helping with risk management, as a result of which the big fear of AI taking over
the world is laid to rest with our involvement in this technology.
We have embraced the hybrid working system of home and office working and this has helped with people's health and mentality by
being flexible and keeping attrition low within the organisation.
Treasury operations and financial instruments
The company’s principal financial instruments include financial assets and liabilities such as trade debtors and trade creditors arising
directly from operations.
Liquidity risk
The company manages its cash in order to ensure that at any point the company has sufficient liquid resources to meet the operating
needs of the business. The company has improved its strong balance sheet and has very healthy bank reserves.
Foreign exchange risk
The company transacts in foreign currencies which enhances the risk of significant gains and losses arising in currency fluctuations.
The directors monitor movements in foreign currencies and consider options to minimise this risk. With our major client now being a
UK company, we are converting our pricing structures back to GBP instead of USD so this will lower any foreign exchange risk to
which we may be exposed.
IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE YEAR END
We are planning a greater involvement in AI technology, not to replace jobs but to enhance services.
We are looking to create self-service portals which will enable our customers to avail of a one stop shop in the delivery of their
requirements, especially cloud services.
We are continuing to grow and enhance the academy scheme and plan to turn it into a business stream.
ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD:
Mr PR Gow - Director
29 April 2024
Page 3


CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD (REGISTERED NUMBER: 03899913)
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 28 FEBRUARY 2023
The directors present their report with the financial statements of the company for the year ended 28 February 2023.
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITY
The principal activity of the company in the year under review was that of software consultancy and supply.
DIVIDENDS
The total distribution of dividends for the year ended 28 February 2023 was £244,471 (2022: £250,862). Further dividends of
£278,761 have been paid after the year end.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
The company is incurring non-qualifying research and development costs developing a product to complement its services.
FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS
Future developments are included in the Strategie Report.
DIRECTORS
Mr P R Gow has held office during the whole of the period from 1 March 2022 to the date of this report.
Other changes in directors holding office are as follows:
Mr PR Williams was appointed as a director after 28 February 2023 but prior to the date of this report.
Mr K J Covington ceased to be a director after 28 February 2023 but prior to the date of this report.
DISCLOSURE IN THE STRATEGIC REPORT
As permitted by s414c(11) of the Companies Act 2006, the directors have elected to disclose information, required to be in the
directors! report by Schedule 7 of the "Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008”,
in the strategic report.
STATEMENT OF DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES
The directors are responsible for preparing the Strategic Report, the Report of the Directors and the financial statements in
accordance with applicable law and regulations.
Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the directors have elected
to prepare the financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom
Accounting Standards and applicable law), including Financial Reporting Standard 102 'The Financial Reporting Standard applicable
in the UK and Republic of Ircland'. Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they arc
satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company and of the profit or loss of the company for that
period. In preparing these financial statements, the directors are required to:
* select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
* make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent;
* prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the company will continue in

business.
The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the company's
transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the company and enable them to ensure that
the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the company
and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.
Page 4


CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD (REGISTERED NUMBER: 03899913)
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 28 FEBRUARY 2023
STATEMENT AS TO DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO AUDITORS
Each of the persons who are directors at the time when this directors' report is approved has confirmed that:
* so far as the director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the company's auditor is unaware, and
* the director has taken all the steps that ought to have been taken as a director in order to be aware of any relevant audit information

and to establish that the company's auditor is aware of that information.
AUDITORS
The auditors, Blick Rothenberg Audit LLP, will be proposed for re-appointment.
ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD:
Mr PR Gow - Director
29 April 2024
Page 5


REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE MEMBERS OF
CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD
Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Crown Jewels Consultants Ltd (the "company") for the year ended 28 February 2023
which comprise the Statement of Comprehensive Income, the Statement of Financial Position, the Statement of Changes in Equity,
the Statement of Cash Flows with Notes to the Statement of Cash Flows, and the Notes to the Financial Statements, including a
summary of significant accounting polices. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is applicable
law and United Kingdom Accounting Standards, including Financial Reporting Standard 102 "Financial Reporting Standard
applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland" (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice).
In our opinion the financial statements:
* give a true and fair view of the state of the company's affairs as at 28 February 2023 and of its profit for the year then ended;
* have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Gencrally Accepted Accounting Practice; and
* have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors' responsibilitics for the audit of the financial statements
section of our report. We are independent of the company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of
the financial statements in the UK, including the FRC's Ethical Standard, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our opinion.
Conclusions relating to going concern
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting in the
preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.
Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that,
individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company's ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at least
twelve months from when the financial statements are authorised for issue.
Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in the relevant sections of this
report.
Other information
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information in the Strategic Report and
the Report of the Directors, but does not include the financial statements and our Report of the Auditors thereon.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in
our report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider
whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or
otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we are
required to determine whether this gives rise to a material misstatement in the financial statements themselves. If, based on the work
we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
We have nothing to report in this regard.
Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:
* the information given in the Strategic Report and the Report of the Directors for the financial year for which the financial

statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and
* the Strategic Report and the Report of the Directors have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements.

Page 6


REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE MEMBERS OF
CROWN JEWELS CONSULTANTS LTD
Matters on which we are required to report by exception
In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the company and its environment obtained in the course of the audit, we have not
identified material misstatements in the Strategic Report or the Report of the Directors.
We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters where the Companies Act 2006 requires us to report to you if, in our
opinion:
* adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited

by us; or
* the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
* certain disclosures of directors’ remuncration specified by law are not made; or
* we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

Responsibilities of directors
As explained more fully in the Statement of Directors' Responsibilities set out on page four, the directors are responsible for the
preparation of the financial statements and for being satisticd that they give a truc and fair view, and for such internal control as the
directors determine necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the company's ability to continue as a going concern,
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either
intend to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
Page 7
